polygons call this bike an urban speed
utility and the bike lives up to its
name this bike will shorten commute
times and flatten hills with its super
light setup the bike weighs just over
eleven point five kilograms in total and
this has been achieved through the use
of hydroforming on the frame this
process uses water and a high pressure
to change both the profile and the gauge
of the alloy tubes this results in a
strong yet light frame the bike feels
solid over gutters through potholes and
can take anything that urban jungle can
throw at it the bike style has been
matched to the performance with
deep-dish vegeta wheels combined with
stylish flat alloy pedal the bike blends
form with function having a three speed
Shimano Nexus drivetrain gives 180
percent range of gears and with the
lightweight setup will conquer all but
the steepest of a sense any of the gears
can be selected at any time and it
doesn't require pedaling like a typical
derailleur the internal hub has the
additional advantage of requiring next
no maintenance durability has been
ensured with a fixed dropouts combined
with the eccentric bottom bracket rather
than horizontal dropouts which can often
end in misaligned wheels and brakes the
bike using the eccentric bottom bracket
to tension the chain this system is not
cheap to produce yet the results that
speak for themselves like all our bikes
to pay by three comes with a five-year
frame warranty a 14 day test drive and
has free shipping australia wide if you
have any questions about the pay by
three please contact us at bicycles
online
you